system-variable: add tidb_enable_async_merge_global_stats (#15225)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

### tidb_merge_partition_stats_concurrency

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Default value: `1`
- This variable specifies the concurrency of merging statistics for a partitioned table when TiDB analyzes the partitioned table.

> ### `tidb_enable_async_merge_global_stats` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.5</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### tidb_enable_async_merge_global_stats <span class="version-mark">New in v7.5.0</span>
```

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Boolean

> - Default value: `ON`. When you upgrade from a version earlier than v7.5.0 to v7.5.0 or a later version, the default value is `OFF`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default value: `ON`. When you upgrade TiDB from a version earlier than v7.5.0 to v7.5.0 or a later version, the default value is `OFF`. 
```

> - This variable is used for TiDB to merge global stats in an async manner to avoid OOM issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable is used for TiDB to merge global statistics in an async manner to avoid OOM issues.
```

> - This variable is used for TiDB to merge global statistics in an async manner to avoid OOM issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable is used for TiDB to merge global statistics asynchronously to avoid OOM issues.
```
